clean: Update issue card details (#2243)
codacy/docs: docs/repositories/issues.md

-   The estimated time to fix the issue
-   What the issue is and how to solve it
-   The [tool that reported the issue](../getting-started/supported-languages-and-tools.md) and the related code pattern

> -   Where is this pattern enabled: coding standard, repository rules, or configuration file

Author: ```suggestion
-   Where's this pattern enabled: coding standard, repository rules, or configuration file
```
